Addressing the comments 

Authors agreed with most of the suggestions of the editors. This file includes only the authors' responses to the editors comments if we decided not to make to the book drafts.

Introduction, page XIV. We already mentioned Typescript and CoffeeScript. Mentioning Google's Closure compiler wouldn't be needed here.

Ch1, page 12. There is only one table and a paragraph that mention HTML5/browser compatibility - it's not enough for having a section with a subtitle. 

Ch1, page 16. Most likely the tech. editor didn't see the option "Run as JavaScript Web project" because he didn't select the project in Aptana before creating New From Template file. It works fine on Mac for us. But I made clarification in the text anyway. 

Ch1, page 20. We'll use both FireBug and Chrome Dev tools.

CH1, page 21 - no need to add more explanation here. 


Ch1, page 22. No subsections needed for a one-page section on gentle into to function. Also, it's not easy to not create a mess by jumping around from introducing objects without introducing functions and vica versa. I don't think we need to talk much about objects in the section on functions.

Ch1, page 23, this would be ambiguous: "This is useful if you want to delay …"  ?"


Ch1, page 25 and 34. If you don't like the footnotes, the copy editor will replace them with in-code comments.   

Ch1, page 30. The tech editor is wrong - Firebug shows the variable this and window without the need to set them as watch variables.


Ch1, page 33. The tech editor is wrong - delete removes the property. Here's the reference: 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/delete

Ch1, page 35. Do not remove the line "Printing the object referred by `emp` will output [object Object]."

Ch1, page 35. Don't agree with this comment: "I think it'd be better to only use Chrome Developer Tools in this book."  Developers use both Firebug and Chrome Dev tools, cause they have to use different browsers for testing/debugging. 

Ch1, page 36. Yes, this is the right place for this.

Ch1, page 70. Events are fired even if there is no listeners.

Ch1, page 73. If a person doesn't know how HTML, JavaScript, and CSS relate to each other, he can't read this book.


Ch 2, page 77. There's no need to single out Chrome here. 

Ch2, page 93. Re-writing footnotes is fine with me if the copy editor can do it.

Ch2, page 109 location id is about the location of the closest branch of the charity. Action - is about the actions in "what we do" - I just picked these variable names.

Build 10-28-2013, Developing Web Applications in Ext JS Framework

Pg. 234. Which IDE to use is irrelevant for Hello World type of apps.

Pg. 246. Bulleted list won't work here as it's not just three options. 

Pg. 253. Starting explaining specifics of MVC in the beginning of the chapter would be too soon IMO. But I've added a reference to the section MVC in Ext JS to the beginning of the chapter.

Pg. 255. Getters and Setters are well knows terms among programmers.

Pg. 258.  I didn't understand why you wanted to remove the sentence and the phrase from the section on component's lifecycle. The original version is right.

Pg. 269. It wouldn't be easy to show how to test separate layers here without explaining the process of testing. Added a better reference to the releant sections in CH8.

Pg. 278. No need to research more ide/web inspector features here.

Pg. 287. This comment seems to be an accidental  duplicate of the comment from pg 285.

====================

Build 11-7-13

Page 168.  IMO there's no need to repeat on figure the codes listed in the table above. I wanted to stress that readyState 4 is the most important for processing by application code.

Page 170. I don't mind turning these two notes - let the copy editor do it (I'm not sure how you want to go about it)

Page 170. I simply don't understand this BR's comment:
"BR: This is available across all browsers (with some limitations in IE) and, at least for API's that support it, negates this last negative.""

Page 172. There is no need to mention HTML as we are talking about data formatting, while HTML was never ment to format data. 

Page 178. No need to rename loadData() - no confusion there

Page 181. We don't cover server-side JavaScript at all, and giving an example of doing compression in server-side JS would be strange.

Page 182. The comment is not clear. No actions required.

Page 186. Let the copy editor do the footnote changes

Page 187 - TR's comment doesn't need to be adressed. 
           It's just an observation

Page 191 - TR's comment is not an actionable item. We showed  a couple of ways to implement charts - that's all. No need for ore details or chapters on SVG/Canvas.

Page 191. The example with function myDataHandler is clear as it is now.

Page 195. TR's comment - WebSocket doesn't belong here.
